Shane Ryan has the button gates fly
they're racing in the Dubai World Cup
and gold dreams slow to move and
arrogant is last at the end of the first
100 meters irrigate last as they charge
down to the judge the first time long
river has swept to the lead gunrunner is
second past the judge neolithic third
moved ahead from the wide gate will slot
it on the fence he's fourth on the turn
out of the straight a lengthened a half
a Wardy on the inside of special fighter
two lengths away apollo kentucky fury
across are a deep move up in the middle
a link to gold dream a link to
opportunity one and a half to our gate
two links to key nice and Lonnie is
three lengths away at the tail of the
field long river takes them down the
back of the track 1,200 meters left to
run the first quarter in 24.8 and long
rivers showed the way led by a
half-length gunrunner second nearly
three-quarters of a length away third
and he's three wide
what two edges fourth he's away from the
fence he's a length and a half off the
pace Gold dream is deep awardee goes up
on the rail then special fighter
opportunity and move up Apollo Kentucky
irrigates out right now he's being asked
to improve but he still eight legs off
the lead for the bacteria crusader key
nice and Lonnie is a long last gun
runner has gone to the front like 550
meters left to run and gun runner showed
the way the Olympics are half lengths
away second one and a half lengths to
multi-edge and here comes the big a
irrigate on the outside can runner in
front of me anything but arrogate swoops
up on the outside Americas King Croesus
of horse racing went to the front 200
meters left to go
irrigate has drawn away from gunrunner a
is for irrigate a is for absolute
superstar a is for anointing have we
seen the anointing of the man of war the
21st century irrigate a brilliant winner
of the debye World Cup from gunrunner
and Neolithic then moved to hedge key
nice opportunity awardee Lanny Apollo
Kentucky move up special fighter furia
Crusader Gold dream and long river what
about that there's been 22
- by World Cups and that I think would
great equally is the most spectacular
perhaps with time
- by millenniums all the way when in
2000 last out of the machine still 10
links after turning out at the bat he
has swept term and won it running away
wait for the numbers wait for the time
but arrogate written by mike smith as
one that if i will cap in two two point
one five two two point one five
number nine in arrogate Mike Smith who's
first the five young runners aren't sure
oh is second are 11 me everything John
Velazquez is through I'll tell you
fourth fifth sixth they put it back on
the screen the time is two 2.15 at the
end of the 2017 Dubai World Cup
sponsored by Emirates Airline
multi-age is running fourth award a
spectacular it certainly was it was
stunning it was sensational
he had me worried Seth I thought he's
going to get beat and here surely he
can't come from that far back and win it
but he did unbelievable under the wire
the first time he's got one horse beat
Lonnie and just seems lethargic just
doesn't seem the natural brilliance I
looked like we had to look at the replay
but look like he had to check broke and
then had to check out of there and but
just to circle the field the way he did
I mean nothing went his way still got it
done what a horse what an amazing horse
we said he looked relaxed before he was
probably too likely went to sleeping in
the stalls perhaps it was just a
remarkable performance and AH just he
run out of words Sonya we thought he
looked unbeatable it wasn't the
devastating 29th win we wanted but it
was almost more impressive because he
did it the hard way yeah exactly this
was the first time that he really had to
have some adversity or you know things
didn't go his way I mean down the
backside he had so much to do and he
just didn't look like he was carrying
Mike Smith let's hear from I think Bob
Baffert joy my fault it was that